story01 (#1)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story02/key-finder/README.md

# The Key Finder

> In the realm of objects, every key matters—even if the value is undefined. Your task is to write a function called `keyGuardian` that takes an object and a key name, and checks if the key is present, using the in operator. The presence of the key must be true, even if its value is falsy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function called `keyGuardian` that takes an object and a key name, and checks if the key is present, using the in operator. The presence of the key must be true, even if its value is falsy
```

> In the realm of objects, every key matters—even if the value is undefined. Your task is to write a function called `keyGuardian` that takes an object and a key name, and checks if the key is present, using the in operator. The presence of the key must be true, even if its value is falsy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your task is to write a function called `keyGuardian` that takes 2 arguments: object and key,  and checks if the key is present.

### Resources
(in)[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/in]
(falsy)[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Falsy]
```
